All right, Randy,
well that was a pretty full
lesson there that we got
a chance to look at.
It's time to summarize
everything we went over.
>> Everything.
>> Everything, everything.
>> [LAUGH]
>> We started off by going over
multimedia, the classification
of multimedia.
What is it?
Taking in some of the elements of it and
the different types of multimedia
>> Yeah, after that, we went over some
important things to multimedia and
also why is it important in our world.
It's a huge factor, everyone interacts
with it in some way, shape or form.
>> It is so
important that there are teams and
huge companies that
are constantly working to make
development in multimedia better, a better
experience and easier for everyone.
The driving forces behind multimedia,
we kind of talked about that,
as well as some example applications.
>> Yeah, ways to apply multimedia,
what kind of things
you can create,
knowing everything about multimedia.
>> Yeah, yeah, and then the libraries.
We talked about
the importance of looking for
a library before deciding I'm
just going to write this myself.
Even though it's a good experience,
don't get me wrong.
If you get a chance to
write some libraries,
go for it, but
no sense in reinventing the wheel.
Always a good idea to go search for
a library, if it's unlicensed,
or if you're able to use it,
then give it a shot.
Maybe modify it a little bit, make it
better, more robust, do what you can.
>> Remember, libraries are just tools.
You just need to select the right
tools that suits your needs.
If a library or the tool doesn't
suit your needs, go ahead,
jump into creating your own functions.
>> Yeah, yeah.
Great, well said.
Perfect, so then we will close
out this lesson with a thank you.
We look forward to seeing you in the next
lesson, where we will talk about some
supplemental materials that should help
you throughout the rest of the course.